[Metricbeat] Add elasticsearch/security_stats metricset (#50674)
elastic/beats: metricbeat/module/elasticsearch/security_stats/_meta/docs.md

> This is the `security_stats` metricset of the Elasticsearch module. It interrogates the Security Stats API endpoint (`GET /_security/stats`, available since Elasticsearch 9.2) to collect per-node security counters. Today the endpoint exposes Document Level Security (DLS) cache statistics, which are useful for spotting cache thrash, oversized working sets, and unhealthy hit/miss ratios across a fleet.

Reviewer: Would it be ok to replace `interrogates` with `queries`?

```suggestion
This is the `security_stats` metricset of the Elasticsearch module. It queries the Security Stats API endpoint (`GET /_security/stats`, available since Elasticsearch 9.2) to collect per-node security counters. The endpoint exposes Document Level Security (DLS) cache statistics, which are useful for spotting cache thrash, oversized working sets, and unhealthy hit/miss ratios across a fleet.
```

Each emitted event is enriched with `node.{name,roles,version}` (alongside `node.id`) via a single side-channel `/_nodes` call per scrape, so consumers can slice by node, role, or stack version without joining across data streams.

> The `/_security/stats` endpoint is only served when the Elasticsearch security feature is enabled (`xpack.security.enabled: true`). The metricset checks `GET /_xpack` on each scrape; when security is disabled it emits a throttled debug log and no events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/_security/stats` endpoint is only served when the Elasticsearch security feature is enabled (`xpack.security.enabled: true`). The metricset checks `GET /_xpack` on each scrape. When security is disabled, it emits a throttled debug log, but no events.
```
